Docs runtime image override (#13895)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/05-technical-reference/00-configuration-parameters/svls-02-environment-variables.md

title: Environment variables
---

> You can use environment variables in a few ways to configure existing runtime, to read existing configuration or to build your own runtime based on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use environment variables in a few ways to configure an existing runtime, to read existing configuration or to build your own runtime based on them.
```

> You can use environment variables in a few ways to configure an existing runtime, to read existing configuration or to build your own runtime based on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use environment variables to configure an existing runtime, to read existing configuration or to build your own runtime based on them.
```

## Environments passed to runtimes

> Every runtime provides its own unique environment configuration which can be read by server and the handlers file during the container run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every runtime provides its own unique environment configuration which can be read by server and the `handler.js` file during the container run:
```

### Common environments

| Environment | Default | Description |
|---------------|-----------|-------------|

> | **FUNC_HANDLER** | `main` | The name of the exported Function inside the `MOD_NAME` file |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **FUNC_HANDLER** | `main` | The name of the exported Function inside the `MOD_NAME` file. |
```

> | **MOD_NAME** | `handler` | The name of the main exported file. The extension should be added on the servers side and should be equal `.py` for the Python runtimes and `.js` for one ones |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **MOD_NAME** | `handler` | The name of the main exported file. The extension must be added on the server side and must be equal to `.py` for the Python runtimes and `.js` for the Node.js ones |
```

> | **MOD_NAME** | `handler` | The name of the main exported file. The extension must be added on the server side and must be equal to `.py` for the Python runtimes and `.js` for the Node.js ones |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **MOD_NAME** | `handler` | The name of the main exported file. The extension must be added on the server side and must be equal to `.py` for the Python runtimes and `.js` for the Node.js ones. |
```

> | **FUNC_PORT** | `8080` | The right port, a server listens to |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **FUNC_PORT** | `8080` | The right port, a server listens to. |
```

> | **FUNC_PORT** | `8080` | The right port, a server should listen to |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **FUNC_PORT** | `8080` | The right port, server should listen to |
```

> | **FUNC_PORT** | `8080` | The right port, a server should listen to |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **FUNC_PORT** | `8080` | The right port, a server listens to |
```

> | **SERVICE_NAMESPACE** | | The Namespace where the right Function exists on a cluster |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **SERVICE_NAMESPACE** | | The Namespace where the right Function exists on a cluster. |
```

> | **KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME** | `/kubeless` | Full path to volume mount with users source code |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME** | `/kubeless` | Full path to volume mount with users source code. |
```

> | **FUNC_RUNTIME** | | The name of the actual runtime. Possible values: `python39`, `nodejs12`, `nodejs14` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **FUNC_RUNTIME** | | The name of the actual runtime. Possible values: `python39`, `nodejs12`, `nodejs14`. |
```

> | **JAEGER_SERVICE_ENDPOINT** | `http://tracing-jaeger-collector.kyma-system.svc.cluster.local:14268/api/traces` | Full address of the Jaeger service |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **JAEGER_SERVICE_ENDPOINT** | `http://tracing-jaeger-collector.kyma-system.svc.cluster.local:14268/api/traces` | Full address of the Jaeger service. |
```

> | **PUBLISHER_PROXY_ADDRESS** | `http://eventing-publisher-proxy.kyma-system.svc.cluster.local/publish` | Full address of the Publisher Proxy service |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **PUBLISHER_PROXY_ADDRESS** | `http://eventing-publisher-proxy.kyma-system.svc.cluster.local/publish` | Full address of the Publisher Proxy service. |
```

### Specific environments

There are a few environments that occur only for a specific runtimes and here are full list of them:

> #### NodeJS runtimes-specific environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### NodeJS runtimes-specific environments
```
Is there a difference between NodeJS and Node.js?

Author: Good question. In my opinion - no. We should decide to use only one version and change it in the whole documentation

| Environment | Default | Description |
|---------------|-----------|-------------|

> | **NODE_PATH** | `$(KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME)/node_modules` | Full path to fetched users dependencies |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **NODE_PATH** | `$(KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME)/node_modules` | Full path to fetched users dependencies. |
```

#### Python runtime-specific environment variables

| Environment | Default | Description |
|---------------|-----------|-------------|

> | **PYTHONPATH** | `$(KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME)/lib.python3.9/site-packages:$(KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME)` | list of directories that Python must add to the sys.path directory list |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **PYTHONPATH** | `$(KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME)/lib.python3.9/site-packages:$(KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME)` | List of directories that Python must add to the sys.path directory list. |
```

> | **PYTHONPATH** | `$(KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME)/lib.python3.9/site-packages:$(KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME)` | list of directories that Python should add to the sys.path directory list |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **PYTHONPATH** | `$(KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME)/lib.python3.9/site-packages:$(KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME)` | list of directories that Python must add to the sys.path directory list |
```

> | **PYTHONUNBUFFERED** | `TRUE` | Defines if Python's logs must be buffered before printing them out |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **PYTHONUNBUFFERED** | `TRUE` | Defines if Python's logs must be buffered before printing them out. |
```

> | **PYTHONUNBUFFERED** | `TRUE` | Defines if pythons logs should be first buffered before printing them out |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **PYTHONUNBUFFERED** | `TRUE` | Defines if Python's logs must be buffered before printing them out |
```
